1.As the digital network grows by leaps and bounds ,people are increasingly  willing to immerse themselves in the virtual world

behind the screen and enjoy the open and interconnected network . As we all know ,the Internet is a double-edged sword .The 

Internet trolls and rampantly spread online violence have seriously affected Internet security .As individual ,we should start from

the following two aspects to build a harmonious cyber environment 

2.Only though knowledge can we seize more opportunities and have more options

3.In spite of the drawbacks of a ____, the convinence it provides is hard for most of us to resist.

4._________ is among the most concerned issues in society because we can neither live nor work as we except without a healthy and 

safe environment It's the obligation of every social member to take actions in preventing ______.

5.On the one hand, On the other hand .

6.To begin with , in order to keep healthy both physcially and spirtually ,students should adopt a proper attitude towards  

academic stress, understanding that is never a horrible thing and can be  served as inpetus to move forward.

7. I am honored to have the privilege to invite you to be our guest to deliver a speech on the importance of learning ____.

8. We sincerely  hope that you can accept the invitation.please let us know you reply at your convience  and you early reply

   would be much appreciated since we have to prepare the activities soon.we look forward to your coming.

9. As far as I am concerned, Journey to the west is superior to any book I have ever read. Actually It is a very famous romantic

   myth novel in China.There are three reasons for my preference for Journey to the west .First and formost,there are many

   wonderful stories in the book which made great inpression on me.In addition,the concents and the meaning it conveys als

   o attract my atention. Thanks to this book,I have learned that perseverse is the key to success.Last but not least.

   For the reasons given above.

   10.Not only do students choose to attend _________,but school tend to.

   11.I am writing to offer my sincerely congratultions on__________,I genuinely wish you could make still further achievement in the

   furture and I am looking forward to good news from you soon again.

   12.I consider myself a diligent student in our university because I have won a first-class scholarship this years.

   Warm-hearted and easy-going ,I have been serving in the student Union since I was a freshman. what's more

   last years I took part in an English competition held by our government and won the first prize.It shows that there will be

   no diffculty for me to_________.

   13.It is of great inportance to _______.

   14.from my perspective. 在我看来。

   15.Nowdays ,the issue of environmental protection has been brought to public attention.Faced with the environmental

   pollution.some people hold that their hands are tied about this while others argue that everyone is responsible for protecting 

   the environment .There is saying that when  the neat is overturned no eggs will stay unbroken.Therefore , both government 

   and individuals should take responsibilities to address this issue since we all share the same environment and no one can

   eacape if the environment is polluted.

   16.Changes always favor the prepared minds.Therefore we must take whatever we do seriously and be mentally prepared

   to make our utmost efforts .It lis important to take everything seriously.

   17.Almost everyone knows the famous Chinese saying:

   18.Life is not always smooth.People always experience hardships and even failures in life,but those are not dreadful because

   hardships strengthen your minds and failures facilitate your maturity .No pain ,no gain ,Only those who are strong enough to 

   face failures can achieve their goals.

   19.Opportunity ,effort and intelligence are essential to success.

   20 Therefore,what people should do in real life is to hold a reverse attitude and always keep themselves adapting to the

   outside world.

   21. "Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass ."has long been acknowledged by all of us.

   22. They can not only broaden our horizons but also make us see the world better.

   23. every coins has two sides.

   24. chance favors only the prepared mind.Therefore making full preparation is essential for anyone who wants to succeed.

   25. Take Edison as an example .As one of the most famous inventor.Edison came up with many important inventions,such as

       light bulb.Edison could not have had so many inventions without ______.Edison experimented with many different materials

       in an attempt to make the light bulb glow longer.After thousands of attempts and numerous failures,he brought the 

       world a incredible light.From his experience we can realize____.

   26. Only in this way can you fully____.

**星期一Monday，星期二Tuesday，星期三Wednesday，星期四Thursday，星期五Friday，星期六Saturday，星期日Sunday**

**一月January ，二月february ，三月March ，四月April ，五月May ，六月June ，七月July ，八月August ，九月September ，十月October ，十一月November ，十二月December**

Tang Dynasty 唐朝

Since the ....in 1986 自从1986年以来

have attached increasing importantance to 对...越来越重视

attaches more and more importantance to 

In recent years 近年来

Once upon a time 曾经

lunar calendar 农历

last for a while 持续一段时间

is of great significance to 有重大意义

As early as three thousand years age 早在3000年前

of the years 全年 

have always attached great importance to 历来很重视

when 当...的时候



